# Vino Geno
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Description

Welcome to our CLI app, hosted by Geno the Vino Genie, who pairs your meal with one of several variaties of wine that we think would go best. 
Users can:
    1. Search for a meal by name.

    2. Search for a meal by parameters.

    3. Add a new meal to the database.

    4. Search the wine database.

Wine recommendations are generated by weighting the meal's parameters with an association score relating the parameter's compatibility with a given wine type. Wine recommendations that are approved by the user are associated with the user's meal in the database for future use. Recommendations are also generated automatically when the user adds a new meal to the database. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Database Schema

- We have three databases:
  - meals.py - Contains meals and associated information, including general ingredient categories (e.g., meat type)
    - ID
    - name
    - meat
    - vegetables
    - flavor profile
    - starch
    - spice
    - dairy
  - wines.py = Contains wines and associated information, including category information( e.g., red/white, region)
    - name
    - region
    - type
  - meal_wine.py = Table associating meals with wines in a many-to-many relationship

## Attributions

* https://patorjk.com/software/taag/ for the ASCII name.
* https://media.winefolly.com/food-and-wine-poster.jpg for general wine pairing information.
* https://github.com/bndr/pipreqs for auto-generating requirements.txt.

## Libraries and Packages Used

* SQLAlchemy
* Alembic
* prettytable
* Faker